[update] ssr adapter astro add instructions (#1452)
withastro/docs: src/pages/en/guides/deploy/cloudflare.md

## How to deploy an SSR site

You can also deploy an Astro SSR site to Cloudflare Pages using the [`@astrojs/cloudflare` adapter](/en/guides/integrations-guide/cloudflare/).

Add the Cloudflare adapter to enable SSR in your Astro project with the following `astro add` command. This will install the adapter and make the appropriate changes to your `astro.config.mjs` file in one step.

```bash
npx astro add cloudflare
```

If you prefer to install the adapter manually instead, complete the following two steps:

> 1. Add the `@astrojs/cloudflare` adapter to your project's `package.json` by running:

Author: ```suggestion
1. Add the `@astrojs/cloudflare` adapter to your project's dependencies using your preferred package manager. If you’re using npm or aren’t sure, run this in the terminal:
```
